[monitor-gcp] add Google Dataflow template (#1172)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/gcp-dataflow.asciidoc

dashboards, ingest node configurations, and other assets that help you get
the most of the GCP logs you ingest.

First, access *Integrations* in {kib} and search for `gcp`.

image::monitor-gcp-kibana-integrations.png[{kib} integrations]

Next, access the Elastic GCP integration and click
*Add Google Cloud Platform (GCP)*.

image::monitor-gcp-integration.png[GCP integration]

Then, click *Save integration*.

[NOTE]
====
This tutorial assumes the Elastic cluster is already running.
See below how to get your *Cloud ID* and generate an *API Key* that you'll
need in the next steps. 
====

You can find the Cloud ID of your https://cloud.elastic.co/deployments[deployment]
at its *Overview* page.

image:monitor-gcp-cloud-id.png[Cloud ID]

And you can use {kibana-ref}/api-keys.html#create-api-key[{kib}] to create a
Base64-encoded API key to authenticate on your deployment.

[IMPORTANT]
====
You can optionally restrict the privileges of your API Key, otherwise they'll
be a point in time snapshot of permissions of the authenticated user.
For this tutorial the data is written to the `logs-gcp.audit-default` data streams.
====

> 

Reviewer: Here I'm suggesting some minor edits plus a formatting change that puts a blue box around your description so that all the related (but somewhat ancillary) info is grouped together. I didn't bother copying over the image, but you might need to crop it further to get it to work in the blue box. It'll look something like this:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14206422/138372941-51f12455-82e8-4701-bd48-80a60379abab.png)

[discrete]
==== Step 2: Create a Pub/Sub topic and subscription

> Before configuring the Dataflow template, you will have to create a Pub/Sub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before configuring the Dataflow template, create a Pub/Sub
```

topic and subscription from your Google Cloud Console where you can send your
logs from Google Operations Suite.
include::gcp-topic.asciidoc[]

. Now go to the *Pub/Sub* page to add a subscription to the topic you just
created. Use the search bar to find the page:
+
image::monitor-gcp-pub-sub.png[GCP Pub/Sub]
+
To add a subscription to the `monitor-gcp-audit` topic click
*Create subscription*:
+
image::monitor-gcp-pub-sub-create-subscription.png[Create GCP Pub/Sub Subscription]
+
Set `monitor-gcp-audit-sub` as the *Subscription ID* and leave the
*Delivery type* as pull:
+
image::monitor-gcp-pub-sub-subscription-id.png[GCP Pub/Sub Subscription ID]
+
Finally, scroll down and click *Create*.

[discrete]

> ==== Step 3: Configure the Google Dataflow Template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Step 3: Configure the Google Dataflow template
```

After creating a Pub/Sub topic and subscription, go to the *Dataflow Jobs* page
and configure your template to use them. Use the search bar to find the page:

image::monitor-gcp-dataflow-jobs.png[GCP Dataflow Jobs]

To create a job, click *Create Job From Template*.
Set *Job name* as `auditlogs-stream` and select `Pub/Sub to Elasticsearch` from
the *Dataflow template* dropdown menu:

image::monitor-gcp-dataflow-pub-sub-elasticsearch.png[GCP Dataflow Pub/Sub to Elasticsearch]

> Before running the job, you will need to fill in required parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the job, fill in required parameters:
```

image::monitor-gcp-dataflow-required-parameters.png[GCP Dataflow Required Parameters]

[NOTE]
====

> The *Cloud Pub/Sub subscription* is the same you created in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For *Cloud Pub/Sub subscription*, use the subscription you created in the previous step.
```

> The *Cloud ID* and *Base64-encoded API Key* are the same from first step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For *Cloud ID* and *Base64-encoded API Key*, use the values you got earlier.
```

> If you don't have an *Error output topic*, you can created one like in the
> previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have an *Error output topic*, create one like you did
in the previous step.
```

====

After filling the required parameters, click *Show Optinal Parameters* and add
`audit` as the log type parameter.

image::monitor-gcp-dataflow-optional-parameters.png[GCP Dataflow Optional Parameters]

> When you are all set, click *Run Job* and wait Dataflow to execute the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are all set, click *Run Job* and wait for Dataflow to execute the
```

> template, which takes about few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
template, which takes a few minutes.
```
